hi Rosie friends its Julie and a few
months ago if you've been watching my
channel for a while thank you
I pointed out a little kit that I bought
in fact I included another version of
this like the same thing in the big
October giveaway that I held and so I
actually got one for myself as well and
I had been waiting to finish my green
light therapy test before I gave it a
test out and as you can see well I'll
tell you what it actually is first it is
the FN o thermal the complete redness
routine it is this here
Eden includes a cleansing milk a daily
daytime moisturizer and a concentrated
care moisturizer and it's that one there
they're all meant to be anti redness
something that's like that it shows like
this on the box
I hope the light is being friendly and
it came with these little trial sized
products which I tried yesterday and
today because I just wanted to give them
a whirl and see if they worked before I
start my alone labs tests so yeah so
before getting that go get giving that
ago I started on the event stuff so here
would be the cleanser it was actually a
really good size cleanser and then the
two different options of moisturizer the
day cream and the intense anti redness
one and what I actually found was I
don't know if you can see this on my
face um my skin did not like this at all
instead of anti redness it added a lot
of redness where my skin had been great
because of all the light therapy I've
been doing very consistently I just use
this right before the video to actually
show you what it does to my skin
but yeah so that would be what that
ended up doing to my skin my skin did
not react badly to the cleanser that's
the anti OSHA thermal cleansing milk
cleanses removes makeup and soothe I
didn't find it removed makeup but I did
find find that like on a regular day if
I didn't wear makeup it did some really
nice cleansing no problem at all
then with either of these moisturizers
it doesn't matter which one whether it's
the anti gel fo like the strong one or
the just a regular daytime into usual
one both of these caused my face to do
this in fact I actually tried the
daytime one on this cheek and the strong
one on this cheek and this one actually
is worse so these are supposed to be
like specifically for taking down
redness it doesn't actually mention
rosacea on the package or anything like
that but and it probably is it seems
like a really good product the
ingredients seem fine and things like
that my skin just didn't happen to like
it I haven't heard back from the winner
of the giveaway or anything like that to
say whether or not she's tried it and
she's had any luck with it but all I
know that I'm really glad that I bought
this for because this was just a teeny
little thing and it was a little kit and
it was like six dollars to try
everything out which I really appreciate
because that is a great opportunity for
finding it whether or not something
works fortunately I didn't buy all of
this in full size because clearly my
skin is not a happy camper right now but
yeah so um I'm glad to have tried this
I'm glad I've been makes these little
kits just to you know to test things out
and see if they're right for your skin
the cleanser for me great the
moisturizer is really not great I mean
the moisturizers are fine just not with
my specific case of rosacea but yeah so
I just thought I would share that with
you before I move on to some of the
other things like um the alone labs test
that I'm going to be doing soon too so I
guess that's everything I hope you liked
this video if you did please give it a
thumbs up and if you want to see more
videos like this I make new videos every
Sunday
and Thursday that I will see you next
time
[Music]